"Library package" to just "package" or "regular package" (#4954)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/pub/glossary.md

## Application package

> A package that contains a program or app, with a main entrypoint in `/bin`. 

Author: Isn't it under `/lib` for Dart too? I haven't seen `/bin` mentioned at all while working on this

> A package that contains a program or app, with a main entrypoint in `/bin`. 

Reviewer: If we have a document describing the general term "entrypoint" (which we should, :D), then I would just link that and  end the sentence at `with a main [entrypoint](link)`.

> A package that contains a program or app, with a main entrypoint in `/bin`. 

Reviewer: LGTM

## Application package

> A package that is not intended to be shared, unlike regular [packages][].

Reviewer 2: I think I'd start with what this is, rather than what this isn't. Maybe something like:

---

A package that contains a program or app, with a main entrypoint in `bin`. They are meant to be run directly, either on the command line or in a browser. 
 
Application packages may have [dependencies][] on other packages, but are never
depended on themselves.

> A package that is not intended to be used as a library, unlike regular [packages][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A package that is not intended to be shared, unlike regular [packages][].
```

Individual libraries within an app package _are_ used like libraries - they just aren't intended for use outside the package, so I think just using the term "not intended to be shared" is better here?

Author: Thanks for explaining! I thought "library" and "application" were mutually exclusive for some reason (probably because I've been reading the same docs that confused our users 😅)

dependencies you list in your pubspec are your package's immediate dependencies.
All other dependencies are [transitive dependencies](#transitive-dependency).

## Library

A library is a single compilation unit, made up of a single primary file and any
optional number of [parts][]. Libraries have their own private scope.

> [parts]: /language/libraries#importing-only-part-of-a-library

Reviewer: This doc is not describing part files, so I don't think its a good resource for this link. Do we have a better one?

Author: Thanks for catching that, changed it to https://dart.dev/effective-dart/usage#do-use-strings-in-part-of-directives. Another option is https://dart.dev/tools/diagnostic-messages#part-file but that's kind of sparse. Probably some consolidating that needs to happen there but I'll save that for another PR

Reviewer: Those are both better - probably the latter one is best if it was filled out a bit.
